Must write up a reflection on the project that answers the following questions:
What did you find most challenging about this project?
What is the purpose of your program?
How does your program work (HINT: your pseudocode could be used here)
What did you enjoy most about the project?
What is one thing we didn’t learn that you are hoping to learn?
Are you enrolled in Game Development Class next semester? If so what is one of your favorite old school arcade games?
15 sentence minimum

The most challenging thing I found about this project was making the in-game projects work. Each project has a different requirement to unlock, requirement to buy, and benefit once they've been bought. Many of these are fundamentally different from each other, such as beg_for_more_wire requiring the user to both have run out of wire, and have too little money to buy more, compared to limerick, requiring the user to buy a different upgrade that gets unlocked when the user's operators are maxed. They required me to build different systems to handle each different type of requirement, and a whole system just to use them. The purpose of my program is to just have fun, it's a game like cookie clicker. My program works by having the user click a button to turn wire into paperclips. These paperclips are then automatically sold at a speed determined by public demand. This demand can be affected by the price of the paperclips, which the user can change, and the user's marketing level, which can be upgraded at a cost. The price of the wire the user has to buy also can change, however it is determined by RNG as opposed to user input. As the game goes on, the user unlocks more and more functions that they can use to make more profit off of their paperclips. Once the user has $5.00, they unlock AutoClippers, which automatically make paper clips from wire. After 2000 total paper clips have been made, the user unlocks Trust, Operators, and Projects. These projects cost some combination of Creativity, Trust, Operators, and or money, and give some sort of benefit, whether it's more trust, faster AutoClippers, or more demand. At a certain point, the user can then buy MegaClippers, which are much faster than regular AutoClippers, and start upgrading them. The speed at which the user gains Operations (or Creativity) is determined by the user's processors, which cost 1 Trust each. The max Operations a user can have is determined by their memory, which also costs 1 Trust each. The thing I enjoyed most about the project was learning how classes worked, so I could use them for the projects. One thing we didn't learn that I wanted to learn was a less restrictive GUI, for things such as 3d objects or even just moving images. I am currently enrolled in Game Development next semester, but I don't know if I've played any old school arcade games other than Pac-Man.
